Princess, did you know that there are green plants in the sea?
It's called kelp.
I know, that stuff is fishy
This is what the poor eat
Normally, it is used to feed pigs.
Soak the kelp in water for a few days
White crystals are obtained by evaporation and drying
That thing is called sodium glutamate.
This sodium glutamate with some salt is called monosodium glutamate
That's it.
Well, how do you know everything? Of course
I am a doctor
Then this is for you three times a day.
Three capsules at a time
What is this?
This nourishes yin, satiety and kidneys
You must remember to finish eating uh
Why did he buy me a pesticide?
I still need to charge
Well, never mind
Have some acacia
Let him eat it tonight
Promise to let him seduce me
Baidu
Bring some baby by the way
Successful crossing
So I can become the richest man in the world